Move Support page under Project and move Kuberentes Compatibility to Operate (#920)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/support.md

Learn more in our [support policy](https://github.com/kedacore/governance/blob/main/SUPPORT.md).

> Kubernetes compatibility is described in the [documentation](https://keda.sh/docs/2.8/operate/cluster/#kubernetes-compatibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes compatibility is described in the [documentation](https://keda.sh/docs/latest/operate/cluster/#kubernetes-compatibility).
```

Here's an overview of all vendors that provide KEDA as part of their offering/product and provide support for it: 

{{< support >}}

> ## Kubernetes support

Reviewer: That's fine for me, but we might want to add a link in the OSS support section to /latest/operate/cluster

Author: Fixed
